hey YouTube welcome back part 3 of my
legend awakened booster pack opening got
36 loose packs for a really cheap price
I know I'm opening them all and so far
definitely weren't Wade I'm having a
helluva Lex yet but if you want to see
some cool colorful that's me check out
part 1 into I promise you it won't be
bored helped to change from Dragon
exalted so to get onto this stark
mountain unknown ? Castform at a low
doing this little wind move fill them
weepinbell some other cards that decide
to go with it delcatty reverse and my
another double hollow which is a frost
last which is to be expected as these
are loosed packs they are usually aren't
packed too how do you say goes to not
get doubles I guess we'll just go with
that a lot of boxes are packed so that
they tried to avoid seeing doubles at
least in a ratio so you usually don't
but sometimes it does happen so oh well
starmie execute or typical machine ts2
gligar go pin Shinx Bellsprout tend to
cool belt in reverse and it cradling do
not have that guy yet some last pack of
our little party on the regular 120
electricity to be pretty exciting see
what luxray brings us maybe some luck
good luck camera oops wrong pile and now
it doesn't want to be in that pile get
in your pile fool I separate based on
uncommons and Commons you're curious
when i was doing drag on hey I'm doer
nincada oddish castform reverse and heat
trannies I do not have that guy yet so
another rare and there's apparently a
ton of rares in the set
first one see we can get out of these
ones shall we l lantern and jesc bubble
coat don't have that binary keeping
though numel gold pin chin chow spoink
reverse and a crock so another card i do
not have yet and i just remembered I
gotta save one of these two of these tax
actually cool them I don't have many
packs to do it in the despues is one of
my attempts doing stupid foolish things
justing it open piloswine not poliwhirl
bucks training my Deanna that seems like
the theme those buck training and
Mightyena like stuff I haven't gotten
you yet mysterious new mole frattini to
cool and Jess reverse who nice d axis
rare holo BAM first hollow out of the
luxury and it's a beast sidra grumpig
energy pick up hip on top previous
nubile routine e tentacool create a
little reverse and a Kyogre nice that
was a nice the open tack oh I am getting
hot this hot here in an ER it pills fine
Mightyena see there's my ain't gonna I'm
there's my Deanna again gopen chinchou
riolu oddish Poochyena a process reverse
and a rhyperior the level X I'm City X
so my first level X is that right Pierre
awesome very very nice level x I am
happy yeah I wasn't expecting that I did
three with a thought I would get 0 e
exes that was my goal not cold but I
mean ooh nice tentacruel I have not
gotten him swallow and Jess did cool in
kata cubone Condor at cradle of rivers
and metagross hollow wow I am doing a
heck sep tionally well out of these
packs tell you the truth our last
package enum Cynthia's feelings i do not
have you there why belden drifloon some
other cards that decide to jump off my
hands just Corphish pine coat and a nose
pad glue in reverse and a vile plume
awesome so a good way to end it and this
part I did pull some nice cards i think
what for I got a froslass at metagross
deoxys and then this awesome tool
rhyperior level X so let's see how many
I've gotten 1 2 3 4 5 11 and I still got
nine packs to go so stay tuned guys for
the final part hopefully I'll get a few
more hollows and you know its name in of
the little X so be sure to comment
subscribe and like and i'll see you guys
in the final part
you